feat(ipam): add doc for new IPAM product (#3287)
scaleway/docs-content: network/ipam/index.mdx

---
meta:
  title: IPAM Documentation

>   description: Dive into Scaleway Load Balancers with our quickstart guides, how-tos, tutorials and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: Dive into Scaleway IPAM with our quickstart guides, how-tos, tutorials and more.
```
